please input N(threads) M(buf_size) MSG(messages), such as 3 5 10:
sender 0 send message 0, 1 remain in buf
sender 1 send message 1, 5 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 2, 4 remain in buf
receiver get message 0, 3 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 3, 4 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 4, 3 remain in buf
receiver get message 1, 2 remain in buf
sender 0 send message 5, 3 remain in buf
sender 1 send message 6, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 2, 1 remain in buf
receiver get message 3, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 4, 3 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 7, 4 remain in buf
sender 0 send message 8, 3 remain in buf
sender 0 send message 9, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 5, 1 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 10, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 6, 1 remain in buf
sender 1 send message 11, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 7, 1 remain in buf
receiver get message 8, 2 remain in buf
sender 0 send message 12, 3 remain in buf
sender 1 send message 13, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 9, 1 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 14, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 10, 1 remain in buf
sender 0 send message 15, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 11, 1 remain in buf
receiver get message 12, 2 remain in buf
sender 0 send message 16, 3 remain in buf
sender 1 send message 17, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 13, 1 remain in buf
sender 2 send message 18, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 14, 1 remain in buf
sender 1 send message 19, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 15, 1 remain in buf
receiver get message 16, 2 remain in buf
receiver get message 17, 3 remain in buf
receiver get message 18, 4 remain in buf
receiver get message 19, 5 remain in buf
